The Values Wall
At Meeting Tomorrow we take our company core values seriously. We hire people who embody these
ideals and a prominent Values Wall located near the front door of the office reminds us why we're here
(for ourselves, each other, and our customers) every day.
The Wall is an ever-evolving, collaborative effort. There's always paper, pens and thumbtacks available
nearby so that anyone can add a note recognizing a peer for something specific they've done related to
one of our three core values:
Commitment, Kindness, Humility
What do these words mean? Here are the literal definitions according to Merriam-Webster's Dictionary.
Commitment: the attitude of someone who works very hard to do or support something
Kindness: having or showing a gentle nature and a desire to help others; wanting and liking to do good
things and to bring happiness to others
Humility: the quality or state of not thinking you are better than other people
Now, more importantly, what do these words mean to us? Here are some examples from our Wall
Commitment:
Making everyone’slives a little bit easier
Being an out of office contact for someone - You have to manage your own business & someone
else's.
Eating all of the fridge purge garbage to minimize waste — what a guy!!
Our after-hours team is committed to making sure our clients have everything they need~no
matter the hour!
Getting me up to speed.as a trainee and having never-ending positivity
The warehouse team stays late ALL THE TIME to ship out orders
Even with a newborn baby keepinghim up all night, staying late to put out firesand help out the
team
Kindness:
Co-workers who go above and beyond when you are out of the office
Getting all returned equipment checked in, but never seeking affirmation or recognition for it
Staying late to help me jump my car when my battery died
Stopping by each person’s desk just to say how are you? (and meaning it!)
Caring a great deal about her team and showing it every day
Coming to work and finding a “have a wonderful day” card on my desk
Humility:
